Carl’s WGLC review (#217)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

When using CBOR, the value field MUST be encoded as a CBOR byte string.

`ind`:

> : An optional 4-byte bitmap that indicates which conceptual message types are

Reviewer: The byte length shouldn't be given here. The CBOR integer will get typically be encoded with preferred serialization so its length will vary.

The only reason to specify a length here is so that a constrained decoder knows an upper bound. 64-bits, the max of uint, is usually not a problem for constrained environments so it might just be best to not say anything about the length in this section, leaving it up to the message types registry.

I'm also OK with 2**32 max. Can you use both .bits and .size on a uint? Also, it seems helpful to say that the max indicator is 31 in 10.5.

Author: @henkbirkholz provided a fix in [ba38b7d](https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap/pull/217/commits/ba38b7dcc8a72da052e436844b8876e55b8bc824)

> : An optional 4-byte bitmap that indicates which conceptual message types are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: An optional bitmap with a maximum size of 4-bytes that indicates which conceptual message types are
```

carried in the `value` field.  Any combination (i.e., any value between

> 1 and 2<sup>32</sup>-1 included) is allowed.  (However, note that only four values are registered at the time of writing, so the acceptable values is currently limited to 1 to 15.)  This is useful only if the `type` is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1 and 2<sup>32</sup>-1 included) is allowed.  Only four values are registered at the time of writing, so the acceptable values is currently limited to 1 to 15.  This is useful only if the `type` is
```

potentially ambiguous and there is no further context available to the
CMW consumer to decide.  For example, this might be the case if the base
media type is not profiled (e.g., `application/eat+cwt`), if the `value`
field contains multiple conceptual messages with different types (e.g.,
both Reference Values and Endorsements within the same `application/signed-corim+cbor`), or if the same profile identifier is
shared by different conceptual messages.

> The value MUST be non-zero. The absence of conceptual message indicator information is indicated by omitting the `ind` field entirely.

Reviewer: This is good for deterministic encoding, something I've been spending a lot of time on in the CBOR WG. It avoids two representations at the data model level for the same thing.

Author: I knew you’d like this :-)
